just about this little nut splitter and
I'm just gonna try it and the lens is
dirty I'm just gonna try it and these
collars from the heart go see on the
shaft there so no man if is gonna split
that there's only soft iron what we'll
see you know so a wrench under challenge
oh yeah that was a good sound
look at that in sending a little more I
was an excellent sound so I got that guy
missed the bars - after you can see that
right and you see how the collar opened
up so I'll just back it off a little bit
no okay and the whole purpose of this is
try to make these collars easier to
remove and look at this I had to set
screw tight on that so let's have a look
oh that's a good experiment
so here it is I can't hold it in a good
spot for you you see we can hold it away
and zoom in might be clearer yeah so I
just don't ninety degrees out from the
setscrew see see there and screw it in
my little nut splitter and snap just
broke open
what's great can you check the nut
splitter and don't look like there's any
damage on that see this is removable I
think yep that's just a cutting hit you
may have to shorten that one a little
bit and it's just screws over like that
that's just like that hmm what's good
that may be solution